he rides
when people are trying to understand an
idea that they hear from others
so for example from a lecturer or from a
teacher or from a parent or from a
friend you're just trying to understand
something
how is it that you learn well
what he says here is that
people typically understand that the
listener typically understand it the
thing that they're trying to learn they
typically understand it to mean what
makes most sense to them
or what they are most expecting to hear
or what they fear to hear and so on okay
so it could be any number of things you
have these expectations about what
you're about to hear and that's what you
understand
you can't just gain understanding from
the message that's coming to you you
have to bring your understanding to the
message those meanings are conjectured
by The Listener or reader and may differ
from what the speaker or writer intended